Add LIST endpoint to AWS Secrets static roles (#29842)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/aws.mdx

}
```

> ## List static role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List static roles
```

> This endpoint lists all existing static roles in the secrets engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the list static roles endpoint to fetch all existing static roles in the secrets engine.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun
